Lao Tzu gave ten million
I see who dares to argue with me today
I'm going to toast the Lord of King's Landing
Gas emission price 300,000
He made a direct offer of 10 million
Crazy
I don't know if that woman will still make a move
Hum Ye Yufei
You just lost 50 million
I see what you use to recruit me
Is 50 million a hemorrhage?
Xiaoqi
This is the supreme black card of New River Bank
The credit limit alone is sufficient for 100 million
As for how much deposit is in it
Yes I can't reveal
I just used 50 million
Got the plan to take a photo with Lord's Landing
Now I will write 100 million
Take a photo of the toast with the Lord of King's Landing
A billion Wang
You also increase the price
return
How much cash does our family have now?
There's a billion reuses.
Why are you asking this?
Leave it alone.
Hurry up and bring it all to me
By the way, take all the real estate of our Wang family
And bring all the company documents.
Even if it goes bankrupt, I will play with you to the end
Ok nothing to do
Bastard, I advise you to stop in moderation
Don't go broke then
But found that you can't toast this glass of wine
Shut up for me
You are just Ye
A little white face beside the lady
What qualifications do you have?
It's your say
How come?
Dad, I'll explain it to you later
Unit you sit
Miss Ye, this is 130 million
Do you dare to add it?
150 million
This is all the property of my Wang family
Do you dare to add 200 million?
300 million.
Plus 500 million shares of all companies in my Wang family
Enough. Think